README.md, before:

# Next.js + Tailwind CSS Example

This example shows how to use [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) [(v3.0)](https://tailwindcss.com/blog/tailwindcss-v3) with Next.js. It follows the steps outlined in the official [Tailwind docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/guides/nextjs).

## Deploy your own

Deploy the example using [Vercel](https://vercel.com?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) or preview live with [StackBlitz](https://stackblitz.com/github/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss)

[![Deploy with Vercel](https://vercel.com/button)](https://vercel.com/new/git/external?repository-url=https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-tailwindcss&project-name=with-tailwindcss&repository-name=with-tailwindcss)

## How to use

Execute [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app) with [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/cli/init), [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/docs/cli/create/), or [pnpm](https://pnpm.io) to bootstrap the example:

```bash
npx create-next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
```

```bash
yarn create next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
```

```bash
pnpm create next-app --example with-tailwindcss with-tailwindcss-app
```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

Commit message:

feat: :boom: change from acernity-ui to sailent template

README.md, after:

# Salient

Salient is a [Tailwind UI](https://tailwindui.com) site template built using [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com) and [Next.js](https://nextjs.org).

## Getting started

To get started with this template, first install the npm dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Next, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Finally, open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) in your browser to view the website.

## Customizing

You can start editing this template by modifying the files in the `/src` folder. The site will auto-update as you edit these files.

## License

This site template is a commercial product and is licensed under the [Tailwind UI license](https://tailwindui.com/license).

## Learn more

To learn more about the technologies used in this site template, see the following resources:

- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/docs) - the official Tailwind CSS documentation
- [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/docs) - the official Next.js documentation
- [Headless UI](https://headlessui.dev) - the official Headless UI documentation
